· BUOOLIO Posse OF ROME. 129

cul thal exquisite grece which makes us delighl in the poem where we
cannot recognize the genuine pastoral. A few other pieces oi bucolic
verse, included by Wernsdori iu bis second volume, may perhaps be
worth a few lines oi mention. (liberius Sidonius Syracusanus (the
suffia is uoteworbhy, as compared wilh thas oi Calpurnius) contribntes
an ‘Epigramma de Tribus Pasieribus,' eight closely packed lines,
speoilying the antecedente, fortunae, occupatione, ages, musical qualifi-
cations, loves, aud lore-presente of three shepherds. Severus Sanctae,
‘rhetor eb poeta Christianus,’ has a dialogue iu Asclepiad stanzas, ‘de
Mortibus Boum‚' iu which Buculas lementa the loss oi his cattle by au
epidemic, finds thar Tityrus’ herde have escaped by being signed with
the eroes, and becomes himself a convert from Paganism bo Christianiby.
One Vespa writes ‘Indicium Coci ei Pistoris, iudice Vulcano‚’ iu which
the beker aud the cook extol their own art and depreciate each other’s,
in verses of no classical meril, bui with some humour, the cook being
told that heis responsible for the suppers of Thyestes and Teroua, and
replying that his arb supplies liver ior Tityus, wings for Icarus, and
beei for Europa. Lesb comes an Eclogne by ibe venerable Bede,
‘conflictus Veris et Hiemis, sivo (loculus,’ Spring and Winter arguing
in werse before e company ol shepherde ior and against hbe appearance
of the cuckoo, till ihc judges, naturally enough, decide thar the cuckoo

shlell come, and conclude, ‘Salva dulce decus, cuculus, per saecula
sa we!

 

